the darkness bathed all the city that
I was completely silent except
by the sound of the fine drops of
rain when hitting the roofs of
buildings
Marc walked down the lonely street
while looking at both sides the neighborhoods
noc suspensions old man was
maybe one of the most dangerous places
of a whole land but marc was
completely calm he was wearing more than
20 years trading with the mafias of
nox and he had earned his trust
after all it was marc the merchant
of the west and the acquisitions that it brought
after each trip they were fine
valued by all the high powers of
noc his among them the strategist and eriko
swain
marc stopped the usual tavern at
enter sat down and ordered a beer
the merchant noticed something uneasy about
all customers and that's when
the barkeep asked them
reason for your concern
they are killing one by one the tall ones
charges of the low funds of noc sus
said Josh the witnesses assure that the
guilty is a vagabond with clothes
worn and a black hood that covers
her face completely so has been
said the merchant this is bad for
all of us know him asked the
innkeeper
there are only two rumors said marc but if
are certain we are in danger and there is a
story they found in painted see
about him but I do not know if he should tell
said one of the customers for very real
that we should hear it
where to start said the merchant
I guess since the beginning nobody has
never seen the face of the wanderer as
They used to refer to the in painted see but its
history goes back to 20 years ago
it seems to come from a distant land
of the south hit by hunger and
war when the coffee portal was
open the solitudes of creatures that
they left him were direct to this
region because its inhabitants
they have an old object that was capable of
channeling dark energy and
stabilize this portal
although they protected something so powerful the
inhabitants of this region were not
warriors but priests and men of
peace so the dispute for this
object was not a fight it was a massacre
it is told that only elegant and another girl
they both survived with seven years of
age were found in the middle of a
enormous mass of mincemeat and viscera
what had been the people of the town
children posed as dead
and they hid under the corpses
until the danger passed the person who
he found them was not a monster or a
priest but the only person who
had survived that power
previously the only one that was not
consumed by the house dyn
the vacuum magician was dedicated for two
years to train these children preparing
to one day face the
beasts that snatched every house and
I was worried above all about the
look of the empty errant devoid of
any kind of feeling like
I would have turned off their emotions for
avoid suffering itself
so the vacuum magician came up with
something led the two apprentices to a
island infested with beasts and left them
there for a year if they wanted to continue
their training had to survive
both so the wanderer looked
forced to take care of his partner and
vice versa when home and back to the
island not only had both survived
but something else had been forged between
them an unbreakable friendship with the
over the years the friendship became
love and thanks to that could
complete numerous missions of es trenc
child of said beasts
Din house felt that their work had
concluded and that the young vines
They were moving in the right direction like this
it was like the legend of the souls began
twins the trust was full between
both until one day everything changed
while they faced a titanic
enemy the young beloved of the wanderer
he died and the warrior was forced to
retire the loss of his love you
he shattered inside and his soul was
consumed by revenge has been dedicated
from that day to eradicate any
act of evil enre a land does not
matter if it's a heinous crime or a mere
theft if you meet him and discover
your sin will purge you of them with the
death
nice old story said a voice to
cavern background marc turned and he could
see a figure in the dark sitting
on a table he looked like a man of
average constitution with ragged clothes
and a hood that completely covered
his face the merchant stepped back from
scare
pity that is not completely true is
true that the wanderer lost his love
before a powerful enemy but from
that day he seeks and eradicates all
those who are his followers the
beast that faces has the power to
steal human souls and shells
voids left in their wake take advantage
what evil heights like costumes
for their abominable bodies so they can
infiltrate the human world and
control information about the islands
of the shadow they give everything for their love to
change of power and wealth
but you know more than you count
old
continue the vagabond you know
perfectly the name of the beast that
elegant looks for your name
suddenly a huge claw decapitated the
figure of ragged clothes marc turned his
head and he could see that they the barman
he had become a monster but
the clothes were hollow and a ray of
light pierced their heads
disintegrating it in the act
all the residents of the tavern are
had turned into monsters and a
discharge of light shots gave to
each goal in a matter of seconds
marc completely terrified he
hid behind the bar waiting
that everything happened and that man left
but someone grabbed him by the front and
he slammed it against the bar of the tablet
I gave her her name invokes what she said
enraged the man Marc observed the
dark complexion of his aggressor before saying
with clear voice the name of his master 3 the
aged face of marc started to
transform and within a few seconds
Greenish flames sprang from their
eyes followed by loud laughter
so you've come luciano said a voice
dark the face of the purifier rubbed
the flames of the devil remember me
monster promise I will recover the soul of
my wife regardless
I wait for you in the islands of the shade uma
but the sound of Lucia's gun
it extinguished the voice of the entity begins the hunt
He said he was wearing paint, he picked up his cloak and
I was waiting, I'll be there soon
Dinner